Add documentation about subctl gather (#487)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/operations/deployment/subctl/_index.en.md

| `--kubeconfig` `<string>`    | Absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s) (default `$HOME/.kube/config`)
| `--kubecontext` `<string>`   | Kubeconfig context to use

### `gather`

> The `subctl gather` command is tool that collects various information from clusters to aid in troubleshooting a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `subctl gather` command is a tool that collects various information from clusters to aid in troubleshooting a
```

Submariner deployment, including Kubernetes resources and Pod logs. Clusters from which information is gathered are provided

> via `the --kubeconfig` flag (or the `KUBECONFIG` environment variable). By default it will gather information from all the cluster contexts contained

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
via the `--kubeconfig` flag (or the `KUBECONFIG` environment variable). By default it will gather information from all the cluster contexts contained
```

> in kubeconfig. To gather information from sepecific clusters, contexts can be passed using `kubecontexts` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in kubeconfig. To gather information from specific clusters, contexts can be passed using `kubecontexts` flag.
```

> in kubeconfig. To gather information from sepecific clusters, contexts can be passed using `kubecontexts` flag.

Reviewer: wasn't there a comment somewhere from @skitt to keep this just `kubecontext`?

Author: Maybe for other commands and backward compatibility. But this is a new command and we want to use kubecontexts.

> in kubeconfig. To gather information from specific clusters, contexts can be passed using `kubecontexts` flag.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
via `the --kubeconfig` flag (or the `KUBECONFIG` environment variable). By default it will gather information from all the cluster contexts contained
in the kubeconfig. To gather information from specific clusters, contexts can be passed using `kubecontexts` flag.
```

The tool creates a UTC timestamped directory of the format `submariner-YYYYMMDDHHMMSS` containing various files.
Kubernetes resources are written to YAML files with the naming format `<cluster-name>_<resource-type>_<namespace>_<resource-name>.yaml`.

> Pod logs are written to files naming format `<cluster-name>_<pod-name>.log`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Pod logs are written to files with the format `<cluster-name>_<pod-name>.log`
```

> The specific information collected is configurable. As part of `resources` for `connectivity` module it also gathers troubleshooting
> data specific for the CNI and CableDriver from respective nodes using file format `<cluster-name>_<node-name>_<command>.yaml`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The specific information collected is configurable. As part of gathering `connectivity` resources, it also collects information specific to the CNI and Submariner cable driver in use from each nodes using file format `<cluster-name>_<node-name>_<command>.yaml`
```

> ### `gather` flags

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
#### `gather` flags
```

Author: I agree with this too, but existing convention in this document uses `###` for other commands. Should probably fix the rest in a separate PR.

> to the CNI and Submariner cable driver in use from each nodes using file format `<cluster-name>_<node-name>_<command>.yaml`

Reviewer 3: Sorry I missed this before.

```suggestion
to the CNI and Submariner cable driver in use from each node using file format `<cluster-name>_<node-name>_<command>.yaml`
```

| Flag                       | Description
|:---------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `--kubeconfig` `<string>`  | Absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--kubeconfig` `<string>`  | Absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s)
```

> | `--kubeconfig` `<string>`  | Absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s). By default, it iterates over all kubeconfigs

Reviewer 3: We mention this below.

```suggestion
| `--kubeconfig` `<string>`  | Absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s)
```

| `--kubecontexts` `<string>`| comma separated list of kube contexts to use. By default all contexts referenced by kubeconfig are used

> | `--module` `<string>`      | Comma-separated list of components for which to gather data. Default is "operator,connectivity,service-discovery,broker"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| `--module` `<string>`      | Comma-separated list of components for which to gather data. Default is `operator,connectivity,service-discovery,broker`
```

> | `--type` `<string>`        | Comma-separated list of data types to gather. Default is "logs,resources"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| `--type` `<string>`        | Comma-separated list of data types to gather. Default is `logs,resources`
```

> ### `gather` examples

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
#### `gather` examples
```

> These examples assume that kubeconfigs have been passed using `KUBECONFIG` env var. Alternately, add `--kubeconfig` flag to these if
> env var is not set.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These examples assume that kubeconfigs have been passed using the `KUBECONFIG` environment variable. Alternately, add the `--kubeconfig` flag if the environment variable is not set.
```

##### `gather` all from all clusters

> Users are recommended to use this when reporting any issue.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use this when reporting any issue.
```

Reviewer 2: @dfarrell07 @mangelajo @tpantelis - I think we should also edit our GitHub Bug Report template and instruct the reporter to use `subctl gather` there, does it make sense?
